" A science fiction cannot not be regarded as a mere entertainment, but in fact it tells the reader much more." 
" A sweet temper"  is a figurative expression, but " sweet coffee"  is not.
" According the Law of Labour, bosses can't fire workers at will any longer." 
" According to the law, a young man should enlist when he is18." 
" After I had had lunch at a village inn, I looked for my bag." 
" After having been instructed to drive out of town, I began to acquire confidence." 
" After he'd had a few drinks, Charles became very expansive." 
" After the elections, Crawley went to the former Prime Minister's house." 
" After the government had taken some effective measures, prices began to level off." 
" After their other meeting, Nancy felt that Mrs. Gorbachev was a Communist through and trough, "  a friend recalled, " and that she just wanted to spout doctrine." 
" After we had landed, the plane was searched thoroughly." 
" There is that, indeed. Perhaps I should cost my trip more carefully before deciding." 
" Aggravated assault"  is assaulted cause serious injury or carry out in connection with another serious crime.
" Ah! Just what the doctor ordered!"  explained Joe when Mary brought him a cold soda.
" All his attempts to unlock the car were futile, because he was using the wrong key." 
" All men are liable to error; and most men are... under temptation to it? John Locke).
" All of us, nobody excepted, agree to the decision." 
" All things work together for good to them that love God." 
" Altai"  means gold in the Uighur language.
" Although he's an engineer, he's principally employed in controlling a large business." 
" Am I not a man and a brother? " 
" And don't speak to me like that! "  she flared up.
" And is this always the way with him? "  she added.
" And now peace laps her round." 
" And there'll be seven pounds for replacing the lock you broke."  " Up yours! "  I said, giving him two fingers.
" And what are you up to exactly-slapping each other on the back as usual, or are you taking it seriously for once? " 
" And who the devil may you be?"  he asked truculently. " What are you doing, hanging about here? " 
" Another cake, Mrs. Thompson?"  " Thanks, love, I don't care if I do." 
" Another $60 a week is all I can offer."  " I suppose you know what you can do with that." 
" Any personal hobbies such as sports, music and collecting stamps never had a place in his life.(Ó÷)" 
" Anything special happened during my absence? " " Nothing whatever-just the usual run of things." 
" Are you cold? " " Far from it! " 
" Are you coming on with us, Jack? " " I shouldn't, but what the hell. I'm going to get into trouble when I get home, anyway." 
" Are you eating in tonight? "  asked her mother.
" Are you going swimming? " " I should coca! I've got a cold." 
" Are you going to give me that money? " " No way! " 
" Are you sure it was Anderson? " " Of course I'm sure. With his thatch of red hair there's no mistaking him." 
" Are you sure? "  He burst forth.
" Are you too proud to kiss me?"  The morning light asks the buttercup.
" As a nursery teacher, you mustn't be impatient with the children." 
" As expected, the sales manager gave in his notice at work today." 
" As long as I am here, I won't let the child suffer, "  she said.
" As the man came near, the prisoner knocked him to the ground with a sharp blow." 
" As white as snow"  is a simile.
" Asia is awaking from her long sleep, "  he wrote.
" Ask the sales manager to return my call when he comes back, please." 
" At exactly that moment, the telephone rang." 
" At first he believed the painting was an original by Harris, but by careful observation he found out that it was a forgery." 
" At this juncture in our nation's affairs, we need firm leadership." 
" Aunt May, you picture is in the paper."  " Go on with you, boy." 
" Bag and baggage, "  said she, " I'm glad you're going." 
" Be quiet! "  he said. " Guards! Take her away. Back to888." 
" Beat it, it is dangerous here, " the captain ordered." 
" Because she's fond of books and anxious for knowledge, she frequents the library." 
" Before starting to make bread, you'll have to make a paste of flour, fat and water." 
" Belong"  collocates with " to" .
" Ben, wait a minute! "  She shouted. " I've got money for you." 
" Besides, as the housing problem in the city gets more serious, people have to pay high rents for very tiny flats." 
" Besides, television is essentially a passive medium." 
" Besides, whether I am or not, "  he added, " that has little or nothing to do with his thinking me ungrateful." 
" Bill and his boy friends have gone to the ball game, "  said his mother.
" Birds build nests"  uses the active voice; " nests built by birds"  uses the passive voice.
" Bless my heart,"  said Mrs White, " What a dreadful thing! " 
" Blind drunk, did you say? " " That doesn't tie in with what I know of his habits." 
" Bold"  and " cold"  are rhymes.
" Boost me up so I can look in the Window.
" Boys, are your hands clean?" 
" Bring them out, "  they shouted, " so that we can have intercourse with them." 
" Bus stuck on Highway66. Road blocked. Passengers in danger! " 
" Business before pleasure, " as the man say when he kiss his wife.
" But I cannot face them here, for my ships are out of gear." 
" But I think differently, "  chimed in one of the members.
" But I'm not in your Service. Why do you pick on me? " " Patriotic American. Been here for years. We must have our man in Havana, you know." 
" But it's a serious matter for you."  " Serious my foot, why should I worry? " 
" But it's important to remember this is not about the technology, per se; It's about how it is used, "  says psychologist Christine Riley of Intel, one of the study's sponsors.
" But so far, the public has expressed its gratitude to the students in letters to the Press." 
" But wait, "  Jane chucked out, " I haven't finished my story." 
" But when industry became more important than agriculture in American life, families became smaller." 
" By Golly! Look at that big apple." 
" By the end of the performance, the actor was in." 
" Can I fill your glass again? " " Can a duck swim? " 
" Can one colour merge into another? If yes, what colour will result?" 
" Can you give me your phone number, please? " 
" Can you jump your horse over the last fence?" 
" Can you prescribe something else for me, doctor? I can't keep these powders down at all." 
" Can you tell me how to get to the post office?"  " You can make by that building and get on the bus at that corner." 
" Can you tell me the truth?"  " Not on your life." 
" Can you tell me the way to King Street please?" 
" Catch me going to New York! "  exclaimed Roger.
" Change the record, will you? "  shouted Doris from the kitchen. " Do you realize you've been whistling the same tune over and over, all the time you've been fixing that window? " 
" Chicken, lay a little egg, for me." 
" Children sticking knives in people's backs-I ask you! "  she exclaimed.
" Children, gather round, and Miss Alice will tell you a fable." 
" Colds are infectious, and so are some eye diseases." 
" Come and talk to her, "  said Mary, and she clove a way through the crowd, John following in her wake.
" Come on, "  said Miss Smith, " has the cat got your tongue? What have you two been up to there, may I ask? " 
" Come to a film with me."  " Nothing doing; I've got to stay home and work." 
" Come! "  he said.
" Come, dear, "  the nurse soothed her, " You know I wouldn't harm a hair of your head if I could help it, but I've got to give you this little injection, just to make you better." 
" Concerning your letter, I am pleased to inform you that you are to receive the order by the end of this week." 
" Cop"  is a slang word for " policeman." 
" Correct ideas are not innate in the mind, but come from social practice." 
" Could I keep the book you lent me a few days longer?"  -- " By all means." 
" Dad was asking in the last letter if you were ever going to get a job."  " Not much, "  he said, " I get more fun this way." 
" Dare you go home alone? "  He asked the child.
" David(letterman) is a fair and decent guy and makes me laugh as much as anyone, "  said(Jay) Leno, who was raked over the coals by another competitor, Arsenio Hall, when Leno took over Johnny Carson's seat last May.
" Detection"  is finding something as the result of a search; " Ranging"  is finding the exact distance. " detection" .
" Did I see you throw a half-smoked cigarette over the wall just now, Peter? " " What me, Sir? "  he replied, the very picture of injured innocence.
" Did he give you a full description of what happened to him? " " You bet your life he did." 
" Did you about the accident that happened last night?"  " Yes, I know all about it." 
" Did you ask how long the repair would take? " " Yes, but the foreman wasn't there, and the mechanic couldn't say." 
" Did you enjoy yourselves at Mary's party? " -" Rather! We had a rare time of it." 
" Did you make the cake by yourself? " " Yes, with my own fair hands." 
" Did you see Robert safely off? " " At half past six in the morning? No fear! We said goodbye last night." 
" Dinner costs$80, and wine is extra." 
" Do come round some time and talk about old times and, "  she giggled slightly, " set the world to rights again." 
" Do it tomorrow instead if you'd rather."  " What's the odds? I shall be just as busy tomorrow." 
" Do the Simpsons still live here?"  " No, they've moved away." 
" Do you believe they intend war eventually? " " Your guess is as good as mine." 
" Do you know that Mary hasn't once driven over to see her father since he has been ill? " " I can well believe it. She always was a heartless girl." 
" Do you like this cake? " " Not half! It's just like my mother used to make! " 
" Do you mind if I smoke?"  " Feel free! " 
" Do you mind telling me what exactly you are at? " 
" Do you object? " " I object? Why should I? It will do you good." 
" Do you smoke as much as ever? " " I'm trying to cut down, not with very much success as yet, I'm afraid." 
" Do you still work in the fields? " " I would if they would let me." 
" Do you think I should go back and live with Angus again? " " You can try. It's never too late to mend and the breakup may have made him see sense." 
" Do you think I'm going to swallow that story? " --" Not on your nelly." 
" Do you think there'll ever be an international agreement to ban nuclear arms? " " As well expect the two great powers to set up a joint World Peace Fund! " 
" Do you think you'll want to go back and live in England? "  he asked.  " I don't think so, "  I said. " I think I've got that much out of my system." 
" Do you want abe or me to go with you? " 
" Do you want abe or me to go with you? "  Tom ask his wife.
" Do you want me to resign? " " Of course not, my dear chap." 
" Do you want to go out tonight? " " I'm easy; it's up to you." 
" Does he live here any longer? " " No, he no longer lives here." 
" Dog! "  said he, grinding his teeth.
" Dogs"  is a plural noun.
" Don't carry on living this pace: You'll wind up with a nervous breakdown" 
" Don't forget us."  She put in.
" Don't give me that! You know why he did it. She nagged him." 
" Don't give up. Don't give up, "  I kept telling myself.
" Don't go without me"  John called. " I'll be downstairs in half a mo" .
" Don't interrupt, just hear me out before you start talking." 
" Don't keep me in a state of suspense, please! If you know the results of my examination, tell me! " 
" Don't keep saying that! "  Helen stamped her feet lightly. " I've never asked you to pay me back." 
" Don't mourn for me. Organize! "  These were his last words.
" Don't say yes at a meeting and go back on your words and say no after it." 
" Don't strain after effects!"  " Read the speech naturally." 
" Don't think it is settled yet; the Director always has the last word, "  said Tom.
" Don't worry to much about lines. I just want to walk you through part of Act I." 
" Don't you like the job? "  Paul asked. " Top hole, " said Grimes, " but the hell of a thing happened. Tell you late." 
" Drop your weapons and put your hands up." 
" During the football season, Sandy is busier than ever." 
" Easy does it, "  said the landlady when we moved the sofa upstairs.
" Eat away, children, there's enough time yet." 
" Even an old book? " " I want to know what's in the book, "  says Abe.
" Even the Lord can't make a silk purse out of a sow's ear."  said Miss Marks.
" Every one of us, except him, went to watch the basketball match." 
" Everything we do on the site is proper and lawful, "  said Levin, noting that the yard,¡­ is under constant scrutiny. " It's in a fishbowl, "  he said.
" Except for one old lady, the bus was empty." 
" Excuse me, Commander, "  the guard said.
" Excuse me, can you direct me to the station?" 
" Exit Hamlet, bearing the body of Polonius." 
" Fall in! " The squad leader shouted.
" Father! Open up! Let me in, I'm home." 
" Father, will you take us to the football match tomorrow?"  " Well, I'll see about that." 
" Fetch them coffee? "  what do they think I am?
" Fine day for a shoot, "  Patrick said. Julian then said to them all: " Well, this is well met, what? " 
" Fire! "  the girl cried at the top of the voice.
" Flour, eggs, fat and sugar form the main contents of a cake." 
" For him, this will be an entirely new hobby." 
" For his ideas and actions, he went to jail for a short time." 
" For the sake of my professional reputation, "  said Mr Saxton, I am very careful about accepting a case. The more it looks like a Queer Street, the more I an inclined to leave it alone.
" For ye suffer fools gladly, seeing ye yourselves are wise." 
" Fortunately, the planes appear to be quite safe." 
" From log cabin to White House, my dear, "  Bernie said, " isn't done on a broomstick any more." 
" From there, he hitch-hiked to Paris in a lorry." 
" Funny"  is not quite the word, but perhaps near the mark.
" Gee up! "  he shouted as the horse came near the winning post.
" Generally, young women like it better than older women do." 
" Get out of here or I'll tan your hide! " 
" Getting an agent is Catch-22,"  Wayne says. " You get one unless you're published and you need one to get published." 
" Go ahead with your plans, but remember that as your opponents we shall fight to the last ditch, "  the representative said.
" Go and see Mr. Smith if you want a job, and mention my name. We were at the same school and he'll help if he can."  " I see. It's the old boy network." 
" Go quick, or else you'll miss the bus." 
" Go to it, John! You could beat the record this time." 
" Go west, young man." 
" Good morning, Commander, "  she said. " You're early this morning." 
" Good night, miss,"  he said again. " I see you've got a trouble: and I'm sure I hope it'll turn out for the best." 
" Goodbye, "  he said, and upon that we left his office.
" Goodbye, Mrs. Thompson." 
" Hang it!"  he shouted, when he saw his train had already gone.
" Happy Christmas! " -" (The) same to you! " 
" Has the poem ever been set to music?"  " Yes, it was set to an old working song tune." 
" Have a beer."  " No thanks. I've signed the pledge at last." 
" Have another glass? " " With you, hob and nob, "  returned the sergeant.
" Have at you! "  shouted the swordsman, striking his opponent.
" Have at you! " shouted the swordsman, striking his opponent.
" Have more, please."  " No, thanks I've had enough." 
" Have you been married before? " " I take the Fifth." 
" Have you got any pets?"  " Yes, I've got three rabbits and a tortoise." 
" Have you see Bill lately?"  " Yes, I went by his house last week." 
" Have you written that letter yet? " " What's the rush? " 
" He bought his angry wife a gift, but she refused to be mollified." 
" He did misappropriate the public funds, but there were extenuating circumstances." 
" He failed in business not because of misfortune, but because of his own error." 
" He has been very bad-tempered this week."  " Yes, but mind you, he's been rather ill just recently." 
" He has just bought an Australian car and has gone to Alice Springs, a small town in the centre of Australia." 
" He is a failure as an artist, but a success as an art teacher." 
" He is a terror for work, "  George said to himself." 
" He is dead, "  replied the boy, softly. In a moment he added, " I'm going to be a sailor, too." 
" He is so vile, the Ayatollah, vile to impose the death sentence, "  said Koch at City Hall. " If he(Rushdie) hadn't gotten this advertising it would be on remainder, because I'm told it's such a dull book. Now he'll make multi-millions of dollars, but I hope he'll live to spend it." 
" He knew too much about our activities, I'll look after him,"  The old robber said.
" He lost an eye in an explosion accident, and now he has a plastic eye." 
" He memorized the list of dates, but neglected the main facts corresponding to them." 
" He offered my400 pounds."  " Straight up?"  " Straight up!" 
" He picked up a strange cat and it bit him."  " More fool him; he should have known it would do that." 
" He said he was hungry"  is an example of indirect speech.
" He told her about the accident, but hastened to add that no one was hurt." 
" He was... stirred by righteous wrath? John Galsworthy).
" He'll be all right, he's got what it takes." 
" He's a bad boy, "  his mother said.
" He's fortunate in having a good job, since business is bad nowadays." 
" He's honest, and you misjudge him if you think he isn't." 
" He's not telling the truth, "  I thought to myself.
" Heads up! "  said the waiter carrying the hot food.
" Hear, hear, "  shouted the workers.
" Hello, who's speaking, please?" 
" Help! Help!"  The child cried.
" Help!"  she shrieked with terror.
" Here I stand with a safe conscience, "  the accused said, " because I know I am innocent." 
" Here goes nothing, "  said Peter at the beginning of the competition.
" Here's an offer from Mr. White to arrange cost price transport for all our away matches."  " That's probably an apple for the teacher, and best not accepted. If we do decide to put his son in the team we don't want anybody to say it was favouritism." 
" Hip, hip, hurray" . Orville Mason, you deserve the thanks of this country!¡­three cheers for Orville Mason!
" His father has stopped working now, and leads a very easy life." 
" His personal life should not affect his politics, "  he said. " He seems to really know his stuff." 
" His was a sad case, "  said the attendant.
" Hold on to your hat, "  said Ann. " Jim asked me to marry him." 
" Hold onto your hat,"  said Mary, " Jim asked me to marry him." 
" Hold the line, please." 
" Hold you horses! "  Mr. Jones said to David when David wanted to call the police.
" Holy cats! They can't do that! "  Mary said, when she saw the boys hurting a much smaller boy.
" Home"  is a much more emotive word than " house" .
" Home, Sweet Home"  must surely have been written by a bachelor.
" Honest to goodness, Tom, I think you are the messiest boy in the world, "  said Mother.
" Hotspur. No Percy, thou are dust, And food for-(dies) Prince Henry. For worms, brave Percy, fare thee well, great heart! " 
" How are you feeling today? " " Not so dusty." 
" How are you getting on?"  " just so-so." 
" How could I get to that town? " " Well, you could drive down, or, there again, you could come by train and I'll meet you at the station." 
" How did you come out in the race? " " I came out third." 
" How did you like this film? " " Well, as a pig loves marjoram." 
" How did your two lads do in their maths contest? " " The youngster came out pretty well, but poor old Jim was nowhere.
" How do gentlemen do it? " 
" How do you feel? " " Fine, really. A bit weak at the knees but that will soon pass." 
" How do you like the concert? " -" Oh, it was well enough." 
" How is business?"  " Oh, not too bad, just ticking over." 
" How is everything going? " " Things are going very well." 
" How is he making out with his new job?" 
" How is your father? " " Much the same(as he was)." 
" How many can you take? "  he called. " There are twelve of us." 
" How often do you go there? " " Once a month." 
" How was the exam? " " I mucked it up." 
" How was your holiday? " -" Well, it had its moments." 
" How're you coming along on Einstein?" "  It's just starting to clear up a bit." 
" How's he today? " " Not very well, but managing to bear up." 
" How's the leg? " " It wasn't broken. It's almost a hundred per cent now." 
" Hurry him, or he'll be late." 
" I always bite the hand that feeds me, "  as the flea says when it crawls on to the monkey's paw.
" I am a mere flower." 
" I am ready, "  she said.
" I am sorry to call you this time of the day." 
" I believe you're the salt of the earth, "  the mayor told200 very middle-class-and very pro-Koch-people at the Manhattan Beach Community Group's annual meeting.
" I bought these chocolates loose, not in a box." 
" I came down to help you cut the sandwiches, but I see you've done it already."  " Never mind, it's the thought that counts." 
" I can ask him the way, "  she siad to herself.
" I can go to the store and be back in five minutes, "  bragged Tom. " Just watch my dust." 
" I can park here if I like."  " And your car can be towed away if you do, so how about that? " 
" I can't eat now! "  she cried. But she took some coffee and began to drink.
" I can't possibly take a holiday until I've paid back the money I owe him" -" What nonsense! Look how long the kept you waiting before he paid his debt to you. You take my advice, and serve him with the same sauce! " 
" I certainly do, "  said the teacher, " and you tell your father he is very kind to think of me." 
" I cleaned my shoes, and my brother cleaned his." 
" I decided to accept it." -" More fool you, I wouldn't go, no matter how much they offered me." 
" I did it! "  he said.
" I didn't even see him, much less speak to him." 
" I do feel tired, " the old man said.
" I do hope, "  she said, " You'll have chance to come to China again." 
" I don't care whether you go or not, "  he said, shrugging his shoulders.
" I don't have any hopes that the new Cabinet will bring any changes, "  said Masaki Nagase, a35-year-old office worker, " What we need is to remove that Prime Minister." 
" I don't like this particular scarf, but the others are quite nice." 
" I don't mind your knowing, "  Bill said, " I'm over head and ears in love with her." 
" I don't really feel like going out tonight."  " Suit yourself." 
" I don't see why I must not go, "  he burst in angrily.
" I don't see why I should tell you anything, "  she snapped out in reply.
" I don't think I'll come. Fancy-dress parties aren't really my scene."  " Not even if I tell you sue will be there? " " Ah, now you're talking turkey! " 
" I expect, "  he said, " I was thinking jest(=just) what a Rum Go everything is." 
" I gave the baby the medicine, your honour, "  sobbed the girl. " But as God is my witness, I meant no harm." 
" I give my whole water in joy, "  sings the waterfall, though little of it is enough for the thirsty.
" I got a ladder from the shed in the garden, put it against the wall, and began climbing towards the bedroom window." 
" I had rather be a dog, and bay the moon, then such a Roman." 
" I have a bad headache."  " Join the club; I have one, too." 
" I have a misfortune, Ma'am, "  replies the girl, casting down her eyes.
" I have lived long enough; my way of life is falling into the sear, the yellow leaf." 
" I have lost my dewdrop, "  cries the flower to the morning sky that has lost all its stars.
" I have lost my hat, " " No odds. Come without one." 
" I haven't been able to book into a hotel yet."  " That's all right, we're already taken care of all that." 
" I haven't had to see a doctor for over ten years."  " Well, let's hope your luck holds for another10." 
" I haven't seen this film, and my brother hasn't either." 
" I heard a good joke yesterday,"  " Oh, put a sock in it. I'm tried of your silly jokes." 
" I hope he went fishing and comes back tomorrow, but I wouldn't bet my paycheck on it, "  said state police superintendent Clinton Pagano¡­.
" I hope they'll be more cautious in future, "  he observed.
" I hope you will keep silence while I am out of the room, "  said the teacher.
" I hope you will keep silence while I am out of the room," 
" I know he's in an evil mood, but let's give him a night to sleep it off, shall we? " 
" I know this face from somewhere, I am sure." 
" I know you've got a smooth tongue, so don't even start to talk me into buying." 
" I like nasty things better than nice things, "  said Jessica, with such a prunes and prisms of diction that all the grown-ups had to laugh.
" I like playing in the band, but I don't do it just for fun; it's my livelihood." 
" I like to travel in comfort, so I always go first class on the ship." 
" I lost all of my money."  " It's no matter, I can help you." 
" I may form a round guess, "  answered the stranger, " what I might have to fear¡­" 
" I meant well, " he protested.
" I nearly came to see you yesterday evening."  " I wish to God that you had, for then I wouldn't have been cleaning the windows, and so I wouldn't have fallen off the step-lad-der." 
" I purposely came today, as I knew you'd be in." 
" I really can't decide what to do."  " No more can I." 
" I saw him leaving her flat at6 in the morning." -" Say no more! " 
" I say, Fred, it's near upon12 o'clock, we ought to start." 
" I shall go to the railway station tomorrow morning." -" Be it so. I will have breakfast ready" 
" I should have thought you might wish it hadn't happened! " " Oh, I haven't lost any sleep about it." 
" I spent ten years in trains, I think."  " Well, sooner you than me." 
" I think I ate too much." -" Same here. I did to." 
" I think Louise is rather lazy."  " Far from it! She works very hard indeed." 
" I think her unseemly rush to always garner headlines has finally done her in, "  Emery added.
" I think we've done enough drinking for one evening."  " Speak for yourself, John." 
" I think we've done enough drinking."  " speak for yourself, John!" 
" I think you are being a selfish pig! " " The same to you with knobs on." 
" I thought you were going shopping."  " It's a woman's privilege to change her mind." 
" I threw a stone at him, "  Billy answered, " and he quickly moved down." 
" I told you expressly to lock the door, but you didn't follow me." 
" I want to talk to you."  " What about? " 
" I wanted to go to the new railway station, but I was misdirected." 
" I was born there. Yes. It is a very small town" 
" I was wrong, "  he exclaimed, striking his forehead with his fist.
" I weep for joy to stand upon my kingdom once again." 
" I will drive of course. You may sit behind me."  " In a pig's ear I may sit behind you." 
" I wonder if you have anything to say, "  says the Dame.
" I wonder where Mary is? " said Helen, and her six-year-old brother came in pat with the answer: " I saw her in the garden." 
" I would ask them not only to see Austria in the light of the horrors of the past, but in the light of how it has stood the test in the present, "  he said.
" I wouldn't have had the courage to say that."  " No more would Jack if he hadn't had a few drinks before hand." 
" I'd come and see you in New York, given the chance." 
" I'd like another drink, "  he said.
" I'll be home early tonight, darling."  " That'll be nice, "  she answered mechanically, and, as the door closed, added, " I'll bet! " 
" I'll get a lawyer and sue him."  " Much good it'll do you. It costs more to collect a small debt than to let it go? " 
" I'll get you for this! "  the man ground out between clenched teeth as he was led away by the police.
" I'll get you for this! " Tom ground out between clenched teeth as he was led away by the police.
" I'll give them as much information as we can possibly supply, because we want to get to the bottom of this, "  she said.
" I'll have you both licked when I get out, that I will, "  rejoined the boy, beginning to snivel. " Two can play at that game, mind you, "  said Tom.
" I'll just clear the plates away, then the children can use the table to do their homework." 
" I'll knock your block off it you do that again, "  Ken told the man who had just insulted him.
" I'll meet you down by that ladies' hairdressing place."  " Okay, you're the boss." 
" I'll not deceive you, Mrs. Brown, "  the officer said. " The girl is a good worker but if you were to leave money or valuables lying about she'd steal them as soon as look at you." 
" I'll not hang all my bells on one horse, "  said old Mrs. Sampson.
" I'm a bit of a fool, aren't I, coming out here and forgetting my ticket! " " Too right you are! " 
" I'm almost certain to get the bullet, "  he said.
" I'm fed up on that, "  as the baby said pointing to the high chair.
" I'm getting down to business, "  as the miner said when he was lowered into the pit.
" I'm getting flabby lying here in bed, "  he grumbled, " and look at my hands-smooth as a baby's bottom. What kind of hands are these for a working man to have? " 
" I'm going to give Harry a piece of my mind next time I see him."  " Get out of it! You couldn't give a sick mouse a piece of your mind." 
" I'm going to take the car tonight, Dad, "  he said. " Over my dead body! "  his father answered.
" I'm going up to see her, "  she said, " Stay away, if you know what's good for you." 
" I'm hanging this picture on the wall, "  I answered,"  it's a new one. Do you like it? " 
" I'm not sure, "  Peggy relied.
" I'm quite willing to do as I say-just bring the children down into the Hall, and you can hover about among the back row."  " Anything for a quiet life, "  she said.
" I'm so sorry, "  she said. " I really have been meaning to pay you."  She explained that her husband had come home one night and announced he'd found a cheaper apartment. He'd also gotten a night job.
" I'm sorry for what I said."  " Forget it, I can't remember anyway." 
" I'm sorry to be such a nuisance, nurse." " You're not much of a nuisance, my dear. I wish that most of my patients were as easy to do for." 
" I'm sorry, "  he said. " The Commander can't see you." 
" I'm sorry, "  she added, " I didn't realize all this at the time" .
" I'm sorry, you've lost me; could you explain it again?" 
" I'm sort of planning on going, but I won't be shattered if I don't, "  replied Mrs. Bush, who until now has carefully played second fiddle to Mrs. Reagan.
" I'm the best secretary in the company."  " Says you." 
" I'm the best student in my class." "  Says you." 
" I'm tired to death, "  said the child.
" I've got it! "  He cried. " That's where the trouble is." 
" I've got two tickets for the fashion show. Would you like to go with me? " " Will a duck swim? " 
" I've just seen a flying elephant."  " How's that? " 
" I've something to say to you."  " Say on!" 
" Ideally, I would like to be a school teacher, but there are few jobs." 
" If I got married, "  said Marlin, " I would not help my wife with the housework. That would be keeping a dog and barking myself." 
" If he ever makes a pass at you I'll wring his neck." 
" If he had a modicum of sense, he wouldn't do such a foolish thing." 
" If he's lazy, he'll never fulfil his ambition to achieve anything." 
" If it be possible, let this cup pass from me." 
" If it's a game of skill, he'll do you down." 
" If it's one my boys, that did this, "  said the woman, " I'll skin him alive." 
" If music be the food of love, play on." 
" If we get caught with the jewels, I hope we're not hauled up before the same judge who dealt with us last time."  said the old thief.
" If we had any guts, we'd get out of here, "  as one skeleton said to another in the medical laboratory.
" If we have any guts, we'd get out of here, "  as one skeleton say to another in the medical laboratory.
" If you are a contractor playing it straight, you can have a hard time getting things done, "  a housing developer said.
" If you can find the topic sentence, often it will help you get to the head of the paragraph, "  said the teacher.
" If you do any damage to the computer even by any chance, you'll forfeit your right to get the fund." 
" If you go on like this, you'll make big mistakes some day." 
" If you got pneumonia, "  he said, " I should go clean out of curl." 
" If you mess my girl about, I'll smash your face in! " 
" If you push him too hard, he may lose the confidence in his work and feel frustrated." 
" If you'll excuse the liberty, Miss, "  the servant said. " I think you should change for dinner. Mr Jackson's parents would expect it." 
" If your premise is established, your conclusions are easily deducible." 
" Ignore the child if he misbehaves, and he'll soon stop." 
" In China, a traditional big square table usually dines eight persons." 
" In his heyday, he was a great tennis player." 
" In most cases, they are just metal or plastic boxes.
" In naval parlance, the left side of a ship is the port side." 
" In the family way"  is an old-fashioned expression meaning " pregnant" .
" In1860, a better plan was put forward by an Englishman, William Low." 
" Initially, she opposed the plan, but later she changed her mind." 
" Insofar as I can see, the representatives are all satisfied with the arrangement." 
" Is Edward on active service? " " No, he's been boarded out." 
" Is badminton anything like tennis? " -" No, as different as chalk from cheese." 
" Is that Xiao wang? "  He cried down the telephone.
" Is this new man funny, then? " " Funny! The way he tells jokes will knock them in the aisles." 
" Is this new man funny? " " I'll say he is: he keeps them rolling in the aisles! " 
" Is your next man ready?"  " No, he is still padding up!" 
" It is conceivable that there will be a new economic crisis throughout the world, but we hope it won't happen." 
" It really points to the need for considering social factors in terms of how you design applications and services for technology." 
" It seems(as if) there will be an election soon."  " So it seems." 
" It take me more than a year to learn to draw a beautiful horse in five minute, "  the artist say.
" It warms the cockles of my heart when I hear the old war songs, "  said the old soldier.
" It was a good idea to tell my mother you didn't like her dress" , she said with sarcasm.
" It was a long haul home, carrying all these bags of books up the hill." 
" It was an exciting hunt, but the fox escaped." 
" It was here, "  he cut in," that I first met him." 
" It was probably one of those champagne-type sparkling wines they gave you."  " No, it wasn't. It was the genuine article." 
" It's a long time since I appeared on this stage, "  said the actor.
" It's a love, isn't it?" 
" It's after midnight, "  he said.
" It's been mining so far, so I have to delay my departure,"  He said spreading out his hands.
" It's coming to something when I have to ask you to clear up your own bedroom."  murmured the mother." You are a big girl now." 
" It's no secret that the Soviets are not happy about the developments here in Cuba, "  the [European] diplomat said. But he added that with the Soviets permitting more freedom at home and within Eastern Europe, " it would be a real contradiction to twist the arm of its Caribbean ally." 
" It's none of your business" , the young man said rudely, " This is a private conversation! " 
" It's nothing, " smiled the fisherman, then disappeared into the water with the others.
" It's only her leg that's hurt."  " Thank goodness for that! " 
" It's raining outside."  " You're telling me-I've been out to get the paper and I'm absolutely soaked." 
" It's simply disgraceful of you Peter, " threw in Betty.
" It's too expensive."  " Too expensive, my eye! I know you can afford it! " 
" It's you grandchild? " " Oh, shut up, you put years on me." 
" Jack's too fond of fun, so the boss doesn't like him much." 
" Jane's a pretty girl, isn't she? " " I didn't know about pretty. She's certainly got plenty of money--which makes her attractive, anyway! " 
" John has a constitution like a horse, "  said the manager, casting a glance over John's upright form.
" John missed the bus? " " What of it? " 
" John said he wasn't at home between the match and the film."  " Well, there's circumstantial evidence in the bathroom that he was." 
" Johnny is round the back, washing the car."  " What! Wonders will never cease." 
" Just one more heave, and the freezer will be in the right place." 
" Just tell your friends you can't eat three enormous meals a day."  " I wouldn't like to offend them. When in Rome, better do as the Romans do-especially as it's only for a week." 
" Keep dry" .
" Kings in history wanted to live forever, but none of them succeeded." 
" Knock the powder out of the tin gently. We don't want it all over the room." 
" Know ye that a little leaven leaven the whole lump? " 
" Last Christmas, the circus owner, Jimmy Gates, decided to take some presents to a children's hospital." 
" Late in the afternoon, the boys put up their tent in the middle of a field." 
" Leave it alone for a time, "  he advised.
" Leave us, "  he said to the guards.
" Lend you half a crown with this as security? "  cried Sherlock, " Why, it's not worth a doit." 
" Let me carry that for you." --" Never mind." 
" Let me sit down for a moment: the children have been walking me off my feet." 
" Let me spread it out so you can see the whole design." 
" Let's get a hump on, "  Abe said; and the two boys dipped their oars deeper into the brown water.
" Let's get out of here, "  she said. " Perhaps we can get a plane to Brazil and go to my family." 
" Let's go to the cinema tonight."  " You took the words right out of my mouth; I was thinking of that." 
" Let's sit this dance out, shall we? "  Said he to his partner.
" Let's toss for it. Heads or tails? " " Heads."  " Heads it is." 
" Lift the fellow up, and hang him immediately."  said the king.
" Lift"  for " elevator"  is a Briticism.
" Listen to me, Mister!" 
" Litter lout! "  Jane said tartly, as he tossed the empty packet out of the car window.
" Live, "  she said, " guilty woman- and that you may preserve the memory of this lesson continue to hang, both you and your descendants, to all future times." 
" Lloyd Bentsen is Texan through and trough, lived here all his life, served in the Senate, representing Texans for17 years." 
" Look here, Madge, "  I said, " you can't turn me out just like that." 
" Look, Jim, can't you see any audience? " --" Neither man nor mouse." 
" Love Story"  came to be made only after six major studios had given it the thumbs down.
" Make yourself comfortable, I'll see if I can rustle up a few sandwiches." 
" Many Americans live on farms which are far from any city, town, or village." 
" Many people buy their hamburgers and take them home to eat, or eat them in their cars." 
" Margot, are you thinking of marrying Jim? " 
" Marry, are you thinking of marrying Jim? " " Good havens, no, "  replied Marry.
" Mary, I want you to meet my friend Fred. Fred, this is my wife, Mary."  " How do you do, Mary? " " How do you do, Fred? " 
" Masa, "  he said, having cleared his throat several times.
" Master David---"  Ham broke down and cried, " Emily has gone. She's run away.
" May I borrow your bike? "  Be my guest!
" May I join you? " " Delighted, Mr. White." 
" Meanwhile, a microphone, which was lowered into the mine two hours ago, has enabled the men to keep in touch with the closest relatives." 
" Measure"  rhymes with " pleasure." 
" Meeting now-- time for our meeting! " 
" Mike, did you bust out? " 
" Most people favour one or the other party."  " Well, I wouldn't be seen dead in a ditch with either of them." 
" Mother needs a holiday: the children do run her feet, you know." 
" Mother's careful with her money, and spends only a fraction of her earnings." 
" Moustache"  is a variant spelling of " mustache." 
" Move down, there,"  cried the liftman. There is room for twenty.
" Mr Harmsworth, "  I said in a weak voice, " Don't interrupt, "  he said.
" Mum, I'm all better now. " Phil said to his mother.
" My complaint journalists, "  a friend of mine once said, " is not that they behave badly in the course of duty, but their inability to recoil into a human being when it's over." 
" My country, right or wrong"  is like saying, " My mother, drink or sober." 
" My dear Middleton, " -	Gilbert affected the use of surnames even for his most intimate friends,-" don't, for heaven's sake, be the prize ass of all time. Can't you see it's the greatest thing that's ever happened? " 
" My dog can speak7 languages," --"  No, you're putting me on!" 
" My image of myself is as a reserved, retiring, even shy person in my personal relationships¡­ I don't like to display my heart on my sleeve like lost of people do." 
" My stars and garters! What sort of man this is? " 
" Never say die! " said Oliver, " we have an arrow left in our quiver." 
" Next time you form a syndicate, "  said Thomson, " don't forget to cut me in." 
" No bones broken, I hope? "  said Tommy's father.
" No imprisonment without trial"  is a principle that goes into abeyance when the nation's security is in danger from terrorists.
" No investigation, no right to speak." 
" No offence, John? "  And John laughed. " Not between old comrades in arms, "  he said, and backed out and along the top corridor away form a tyke you couldn't trust as far as you could throw him.
" No, "  he'd snap back, " but I'm thinking of giving my wife a$79 present, unless another pretty mother starts playing on my sympathies." 
" No, I will not let him in if he has no pass." 
" No, a whisky, please, "  Johnny replied, for he wanted more than anything in the world to get drunk.
" No, the damned Customs took it."  John said, and as he had a gulp of the whisky he added, " Devil take them! " 
" Nobody knew, "  he said. " But now----it doesn't matter now." 
" Not on your sweet life, "  said Mr. Wickham with sad want of gallantry.
" Nothing will do that, "  he said, " but tell me anyway." 
" Now I know! "  he exclaimed, recollecting himself.
" Now I pass you over to Helen. Come in, Helen! " 
" Now draw some off" , he ordered, " and take it to the steward of the feast " and they did so.
" Now if you will take off your cloths, Your Majesty, "  said the cheats.
" Now, "  said the compere, " this little girl has traveled all the way from Liverpool to sing to us tonight. So let's all give her a big hand." 
" Now, children, "  said she, " has anyone of you ever make someone else glad? " 
" Now, sir, if you will just sign on the dotted line the car becomes." 
" Nowadays, many people equate passing examinations with being educated." 
" Of course he will get a higher salary eventually."  " If or when he qualifies." 
" Of course you lad to get on terms with Gregory."  " Now we're like that." 
" Of course, I'll have made my fortune by then."  " I don't think." 
" Oh! " Her soft little cry was charged with meaning.
" Oh, it doesn't matter if you don't want to go to the ball, "  he said, and played his winning card. " There'll be lots of other pretty girls there." 
" Oh, piped down."  he called.
" Oh, thank goodness she's alive! " 
" Oh, what splendid clothes! "  thought the Emperor.
" Oh, you flatter me." 
" Old as he is, he is hale and hearty." 
" On Floor Nine, we research into the instruments that do the research" - Mr Henderson's little joke.
" Once a month, he has to collect money from his customers." 
" Once, however, Big Ben failed to give the correct time." 
" Only a fool could think there was any advantage for Scotland in devolution."  " I'm sorry but I don't agree." 
" Our firm has a car pool, so if I need a car there's always one there." 
" Over Europe, "  he said.  " It's happening." 
" Pack it in, stop arguing!" 
" Pardon me, "  I replied, " when I tell you that I'm from Missouri. You'll have to show me." 
" Parking is a great problem, and so is the traffic in and around cities." 
" Part and parcel of our investigation is to determine what role organized crime played in the Heritage affairs."  Mr. O'Neil said.
" Pass along, there, "  cried the lift-man. " There is room for ten." 
" Pass away"  is a euphemism for " die" .
" People, especially youngsters don't seem so polite these days." 
" Perhaps he's deaf and dumb, "  said the woman.
" Perhaps it's time we were leaving."  " Speak for yourselves, darlings!" 
" Perhaps you haven't been in love, Miss Mary? "  " Good thing I wasn't, or I'd have shot myself from disappointment long ago." 
" Perishable goods" .
" Pipe down, everybody, it's time for sleeping."  Jim barked.
" Please call me Virginia."  Virginia said for the tenth time. Mrs. Allen bowed stiffly and continued to call her Miss Martin.
" Please file this paper away, Miss Mary." 
" Please, am I almost right about this? "  " Not almost, sir-you're spot on." 
" Please, teacher, I went to see her yesterday, and stayed with her three hours." 
" Poetry! "  said Percy. " He didn't know the meaning of the word. It isn't poetry. its leg-pull." 
" Pot"  is slang for " marijuana."  pot.
" Practice Tests For College English Vocabulary" 
" Put up your hands! "  the guards shouted.
" Rain"  and " reign"  are pronounced the same.
" Reading this book, we can identify with the main character's struggle against evil." 
" Rice is gathered, cleaned and hulled before being sold." 
" Right as a trivet now, " said the mechanic as he crawled out from under the car." I've replaced your silencer.
" Say when" , aid Tom, commencing to pour out the spirit into my glass¡­." When, "  replied I.
" Scrooge sat down upon a form and wept to see his poor forgotten self as he has used to be." 
" See you later, Joan." -" Be seeing you, Jordan." 
" Shall I open the window? "  " I'm not bothered." 
" Shall we go to the movie?"  " All right." 
" She comes to about here on me, "  he said and indicated his chin.
" She had several coins in her pocket, but no pennies." 
" She is very unhappy, and-and that sort of thing, "  Jose urged.
" She said she didn't come because she'd lost our address."  " Well, that's a thin excuse! She knows a lot of people who could have told her." 
" She was a pretty woman, "  he said, " with six children and another on the way." 
" She'll wait till the water's coming in on her before she mends that roof! "  " She doesn't believe in the stitch in time, then." 
" She's clever, but her younger sister is just as clever." 
" She's fussy about her food, so I don't think she'll accept the invitation to your dinner." 
" She's right, " he said, pleased.
" She's tremendously charismatic. Let's face it, it's difficult to cater to so many different groups. But I think she'd love to let her guard down and have a real good laugh, "  he said.
" Shut the shop for a few days, and come with us, Sam."  " I'm sorely tempted to." 
" Since you are here at last, "  he said, interrupting her explanation, " never mind the excuses--start serving the customers." 
" Since you've spilt the milk, you'll have to mop it up." 
" Six pounds, "  I said. " That's very good money. You'll be able to save for your bottom drawer, " 
" Skint"  and " broke"  are slang words for " having no money" .
" So there you are, old chap, still in the land of the living, eh? "  he said.
" So you're going to start next week, eh?" 
" Some of the boys are tough, and we're not any of us doing this for fun. So watch your step." 
" Some unknown relative might die and leave us a lot of money."  " And if wishes were horse, then beggars would ride. Now think of something practical." 
" Speak the word, and, as you know, I would take you to the ends of the earth tomorrow." 
" Stay in control" , she told herself. " Don't panic" .
" Stick it, Jim; don't let Steve get ahead of you." 
" Stop talking about my money: I don't intend to pop off yet!"  shouted Mr. Harkins to his three sons.
" Stop thief, "  cried Smith as he ran. Others joined him, and soon there was a hue and cry.
" Suck in those stomachs, "  the gym teacher said.
" Suddenly, one of the children kicked a ball very hard and it went towards a passing boat." 
" Sue told us that she finished the exam in an hour."  " Like fun she did! " 
" Suppose you wanted to remember the name of a poet-- Robert Burns, for instance."  She told us to think of him as Bobby Burns.
" Sure, "  the doctor's voice says. " Well, he doesn't have a fever. And his pulse is fine. Now, breathe deeply, Charlie." 
" Sure? "  " I guess so. Nothing else seems to make much sense." 
" Surely he did right, " she insisted.
" Take it easy on Alex and don't scold him too much, "  said Mrs. Green to Mr. Green.
" Take you mac. It looks as if it's going to rain."  " What if it does? I'm not made of paper." 
" Tell me it all, my lad, "  she said. " Get it off your chest. I can see you've had a lot to put up with." 
" Tell me this: In any job of work, should the master have the last word, or the assistant! "  " That depends." 
" That brook is full of trout" ¡­" Says who. I never saw anybody catch trout there." 
" That creature-of all the nerve-"  she prowled round the room like an angry leopard.
" That is to say, men rule the world, but their mothers and wives rule them." 
" That sounds for all the world like a lark" , she said in amazement.
" That sounds for all the world like a lark, "  she said in amazement.
" That'll do. Hold it. Will have one more¡­ It looks smashing, "  said the photographer.
" That's a good solution, "  she repeated after a pause.
" That's all right, "  someone said. " Quickly, the spaceship is waiting." 
" That's the other man, "  said the attendant.
" The Cambridge Business Exams are part written, part oral." 
" The Chairman's visiting the ware house today, so keep on your toes and be ready to answer any questions." 
" The Lord said, "  If I find in the city of Sodom fifty good men, " I will pardon the whole place for their sake." 
" The Mayor's tax proposal was bad enough on its face, but the coming state-mandated increase adds up to a one-two punch that would stagger city homeowners, "  Mr. Vallone, a Queens Democrat, said in a City Hall news conference.
" The President showed he can play hardball with the hardnosed hard-liners, " ¡­.
" The Republicans have pulled a trick at City Hall."  " Is that so? " 
" The Smiths made a big mistake in not buying that house when they first came here."  " Don't they know it! It'll cost them three times as much now." 
" The Swedes got the best of us."  Captain Clark Donatelli said. " Their team couldn't beat us, but their referee sure did." 
" The Teahouse"  is playing at the Capital Theater.
" The airport was fogbound, so no aircraft could take off." 
" The boss threatened to dismiss all the employees who had expressed their sympathy for the strike, but it's all bluff." 
" The boys have been lighting fires in the garden."  " So they're at it again, are they? " 
" The cashier grappled with the bank robber, but was thrown to the ground." 
" The child is cold, hungry, and tired, so of course he's feeling miserable." 
" The child looks worn-out and very hungry, poor little thing! "  she said sotto voce.
" The crowds jammed the streets, and no cars could pass." 
" The director seems rather fierce, but his heart is in the right place." 
" The drinks are on me! Name yours! " 
" The evening paper hasn't come yet."  " Oil, send Michael across for it." 
" The facts, Bob, the facts! "  Thomas cut in. There was an edge to his voice.
" The fault lies with me, not with you." 
" The firm has had a difficult year, and its future is uncertain." 
" The full report isn't ready yet, but you can see the interim report." 
" The government has two options, to reduce spending or to increase taxes." 
" The herd of sheep were running towards the house, but we headed them towards the field?" 
" The hotel charges$150 a day, exclusive of meals." 
" The hotel is run by a Miss Doris. But it seems she's away in Brest for the day."  " When the cat's away."  Ma said.
" The house is too small, and furthermore, it's too far from the office." 
" The investigation came right out of the blue, "  said an attorney representing one trader." No on knew anything about it." 
" The language of eternal silence." 
" The lavatory won't flush; I've tried flushing it several times, but it won't work." 
" The meeting seemed to be endless, but I extricated myself by saying I had to catch a plane." 
" The mill workers were brought out by one of themselves."  Jack told me.
" The minister just laughed, and dismissed the idea as impossible.(Ó÷)" 
" The missing letter was in his pocket, if you please!" 
" The more articulate, the less said"  is an old Chinese proverb which I just make up myself.
" The more articulate, the less say"  is an old Chinese proverb which I just make up myself.
" The most short-sighted man could see that at a glance, with his naked eye, "  said Martin.
" The new secretary is a quick, efficient worker, and the boss is quite satisfied with her." 
" The old lady kept bumbling on about something, but nobody could understand her." 
" The only passengers, a young woman and her two baby daughters, were unhurt." 
" The pain runs from the small of my back right down my left thigh, "  he told the doctor.
" The parents have been a bit edgy lately, waiting for their children's examination results." 
" The price is too high, and moreover, the house isn't in a suitable position." 
" The question is" , said Jack, " who's the fellow that's trying to put the fear of God in us? " 
" The rain may hold off, but it won't hurt to take the raincoat with you." 
" The research project has only been under way for three months, so it's too early to evaluate its success." 
" The room was furnished with the simplest essentials, a bed, a chair, and a table." 
" The sick child moaned a little, and then fell asleep." 
" The summer holidays are over, "  said Tom. " Back to the salt mines." 
" The sun heats the earth, causing the air to rise and the winds to blow." 
" The sure sign of a liar--you can't look me in the eye, can you? " 
" The teacher refused to have his daughter in his class, for fear of showing favour to her." 
" The time, labour and cost required for the whole project may be less than the estimates." 
" The traveler emptied out all his pockets onto the table, but still couldn't fine his passport." 
" The wind was strong all day, but it moderated in the evening." 
" Their designs, for the most part, correspond to actual needs and regulations on environmental demand." 
" Then I'll buy a book for Mother, "  he said. " I thank you very much, some day I hope I can repay you." 
" Then he's ill."  " Ill? Ha! If ever I saw a gentleman in the pink? " 
" There are reasons for this great interest in the ideas, feelings, and actions of youth." 
" There is honour among thieves, but none among gamblers, "  is very well antithetically spoken, but not true in fact." 
" There is momentum beginning to occur is my campaign, " he said.
" There was an unexpected explosion in our street, but our building wasn't harmed at all." 
" There was glass flying all over the place, "  she said." I got hit in the head by something. I looked down and saw Josh holding his chest. I was kind of scared because the way he was holding his chest I didn't think he was going to make it." 
" There you are, "  James said, tossing the letter over to her. " It is just as I feared. Your case has been carefully considered and we regret to inform you- but read it for yourself." 
" There're some dumplings left; I can hot them up in a minute, if you're hungry." 
" There's a lot to do today, so let's hop to it, "  the director said.
" There's not going to be any wedding,"  I told him. " It's off." 
" There, my dear, in you anxiety to walk, these dreams become very real."  He was now exerting all his bedside manner to take the look of white dismay from her face.
" These affairs always end up the same way, "  he grumbled," everybody looking to me to tell them what to do."  " Oh? I'd have thought that was just your scene! " 
" They fail to recognize that our population is increasing faster than the supply of food, available resources and job opportunities." 
" They had got together the whole evening, and I knew there was something funny going on." 
" They sometimes have different ideas about living, working and playing." 
" They"  are" the people at the top" , " the higher-ups" , the people who give you the dole, call you up, tell you to go to war, fine you, " talk posh" , " are all twisters really" .
" They'll kidnap the boy, "  I said. Finn stared at me. " What in the world for? " 
" This hoe is his, not mine." 
" This is a very courageous, assertive Speaker, who is not unwilling when be identifies something he wants to do to put his reputation on the line, "  said Mr. [Jim] Wright's chief lieutenant, Thomas A. Foley,¡­" He likes to go out and grab the nettles." 
" This is one of those moments, " Roger said, " which might change the course of history." 
" This is the prettiest carpet I have ever seen, "  she said. She gazed at it for some time then added, " You don't need bookcases at all.
" This well-known linguistic learned tribal languages in the field, not from books in the library." 
" This, "  he declared, " has aroused the bitter indignation of the Arab people." 
" Though handicapped by poor health, he persisted in working at the research project." 
" Three of the wide boy."  he observed, " We don't want their sort in here." 
" Thy wish was father, Harry, to that thought." 
" Tidy up your study, kids, " Mother said, " all your books are in a muddle." 
" Tie the door back-it keeps banging to and fro in the wind." 
" To pull a face"  is an idiomatic expression.
" Together"  is a lovely word-- a word that time endears.
" Tom, is that you pattering around downstairs? " 
" Tommy got a home computer for his birthday."  " Big deal! Some other children in the class have had home computers for years! " 
" Travelling on my own, I can decide when to start on my way and where to linger a little longer." 
" True"  and"  false"  have opposite meanings.
" Turn the volume down? "  said one disco manager. " You have to be joking. The kids want it loud enough to go right through them, and if we lowered the level, they'd go somewhere else tomorrow night." 
" Tut-tut, "  said the teacher, " You shouldn't cross the street without looking." 
" Two's company, three's none." 
" Unless we get more finance, we'll have to close the branch offices." 
" Very excited, the party dug a hole two feet deep." 
" War and Peace"  is the longest book I've ever read.
" Was it two years ago? "  " There or thereabouts." 
" We are a little upset, what with one thing and another."  Said Mrs. Brown.
" We are done for, "  the bandits cried.
" We are glad to see the breakthroughs, "  he added, " but we don't want the television audience, society in general, to think that a few blacks making it can excuse all of the indignities, all the injuries, all of the lack of opportunities for all the rest of the blacks." 
" We arrived there in five hours under such bad weather, which was really good going." 
" We can't go to the show now, "  he said, and sounded very sorry.
" We checked into the Hilton Hotel in midtown¡­ He continued to dish out larger and larger amounts of the drug¡­ At about the time the sun came up, we took a shower and had sex¡­" 
" We embarked at Southampton, and disembarked in New York a week later." 
" We have to keep friends anyhow and write to each other."  " That goes without saying." 
" We just made our bills, "  Carol remembers,"  " We borrowed from relatives to pay the mortgage." 
" We knew it would be a bestseller, but even the original didn't sell this well at the start. By our estimates, we've already sold somewhere in the neighborhood of500, 000 copies. It's just phenomenal." 
" We shouldn't sniff at this opportunity--we any not get another like it." 
" We stayed as long as we could, "  he said. " When the crunch came we were ever so reluctant to pull out, we really were, but there was no alternative." 
" We stood by the lake, mesmerized by the flashing colours of the fish." 
" We think John is a fink pacifist on a super ego trip, "  she said.
" We waited more than three hours at the ferry, but no sign of a boat was seen." 
" We went over a laundry list that could build bridges between Cuba and the United States, "  he [Cardinal O'Connor] said, adding, " Obviously, releasing prisoners would be a brick in that bridge." 
" We were flung together by the war" , said the official.
" We will like very much to have you for dinner, "  as the cannibal say to the capture missionary.
" We're chipping away at a very dominant competitor where market share means a lot, "  said Peter Higgins, a Microsoft product manager in charge of Excel.
" We've arranged for the principal speakers and booked the conference hall. What's the next step? " 
" We've planned to go camping, if you want to come."  " Oh, jolly good! " 
" We, the rustling leaves, have a voice that answers the storms, but who are you so silent? " 
" Well men, "  said the chairman, " I shall now proceed to put the matter to the vote. Will all those in favour hold up the right hand? " 
" Well said, "  put in Uncle Wang.
" Well, David has got his orders from the doctor, but will he keep to them? "  " You can ask me another, but it's a poor look-out for him if he doesn't." 
" Well, I've persuaded your father to see a doctor."  " Oh, good for you! You must have been very tactful." 
" Well, do exactly what the doctor says. A cousin of mine ended up losing the sight of an eye over an infection like that."  " Thanks very much! You are a proper Job's comforter, aren't you? " 
" Well, was there ever? "  said she, " It's unbelievable! " 
" Well, we'd better get started and stop fiddling about." 
" Well, well; John Thomson sitting reading his Bible! Now I've seen everything."  " I'm just looking up a reference, you ass." 
" Well, what else is there for me to do? You hold all the cards in your hands." 
" Well,"  answered the professor, " I thought I was all right when I left home, but now I don't know what's the matter with me. I've been limping for the last half-hour." 
" Were you frightened by that bull? "  " Frightened? You bet I was; I was scared out of skin! " 
" What I wish to do is to go down into the East End and see things for myself¡­"  " You don't want to live down there! "  everybody said, with disapprobation writ large upon their faces.
" What Manchester thinks today the world will think tomorrow, "  is not an outdated belief. The old parochial outlook has become a world view.
" What a dew!"  Duke remembered. " The moon was far behind me and the earth was a little thin bit of blue and white off in the distance." 
" What a rout she's making over it! "  " She needn't make such a rout about such a trifle." 
" What are you doing, mom?" 
" What are you playing at-you can't change a wheel that way!" 
" What did the boss say when you asked him for a rise? "  " The answer, my dear, was a lemon-not unexpected, but it was worth a try." 
" What do the children do with themselves during the holidays? " 
" What do you call a cock's wife? "  is the next question.
" What else do you see? "  asked the captain after a moment of silence.
" What happened? " Ka asked. " Tell me." 
" What happens one night if I'm standing on a corner and something goes down and I don't got one? "  said Trent, who would not allow his full name to be used.
" What have I said wrong now? "  She wondered, as she heard he click his tongue.
" What have these meat balls been handing you? "  he required.
" What have you been doing today? "  " Oh, nothing, just fucking off." 
" What have you got to say for yourself? "  " Nothing." 
" What is it like down there? "  shouted Marvin from the upper cave. " Like the Black Hole of Calcutta, but a lot wetter, " came the reply.
" What on earth are you driving at? Can't you come to the point? " 
" What parents don't understand is that fat provides very valuable calories and that every cell needs fat and cholesterol to grow, "  she said. " Cholesterol has gotten such bad press that we never see it in a good light, but it is essential for children, especially those under2." 
" What schoolboy of fourteen is ignorant of this remarkable circumstance" (Macaulay).
" What the hell has it got to do with you where I work? "  I would have liked to say.
" What was your job like? " -" A real bit of fat." 
" What will you have?"  Oh, just give one on the city.
" What would you rate the engine at? "  " About12 horse power." 
" What's going to happen next? "  someone asked.
" What's the matter with Dave recently? He hardly ever answers when he's spoken to."  " Good lord-it's as plain as the nose on your face: he's in love." 
" What's the matter? "  She asked, trying to sound concerned.
" What's the next move, then? " Demanded Xiao Xu.
" What's up? " asked Tony as he joined his friends. " Are you going to the movies? " 
" When I called, their head was invisible." 
" When I was a small child, it was heaven to go nesting." 
" When a student's family is not rich, he has to earn money for part of his college expenses." 
" When am I going to get my supper? It's after six already."  " Now, now. You'll get it as soon as I can manage. Remember that patience is a virtue." 
" When do you go up to your university?"  " Next week, all the students go up then." 
" When his wish to go to Harvard was realized, his joy knew no measure." 
" When she comes to the office, she gives her habitual greeting to everyone there." 
" When the doctor arrived, blood was flowing from his wound." 
" When we get married, "  Ned said to me almost threateningly, " We're going to have the reception of all time."  " Oh, "  I said freely. " Of all time, "  he repeated.
" When will I be allowed to go home, nurse? "  " Towards the end of the week, I should think, but it's for the doctor to decide." 
" When you start the engine, you must see to it that the car is in neutral." 
" When"  is a temporal conjunction.
" Where are you lodging now?"  " I'm lodging at Mrs. Smith's." 
" Where has she gone?"  " I don't know, I must sound her out" 
" Where is George?"  " Gone off home to lick his wounds, I expect. You were pretty severe with him." 
" Where is my book? " -" Here you are." 
" Where is my dictionary? "  " It must be floating about, somewhere in your study" .
" Where should we go? "  "  I don't care! Any where you want." 
" Where the hell's my hat? "  " It's on the chair behind you, "  she said amazed. " What's biting you? " 
" Where would you like me to book you a room? "  " I am afraid it's not a question of where I'd like you to book me one, but whether you can book me one that I can afford." 
" Which coat should I buy, the black one or the brown one? " -" Well, if you ask me, there's nothing to choose between them." 
" While Mr White was ill, most of his work devolved on his nephew." 
" Who drives me forward like fate? " 
" Who the hell may you be? "  he asked truculently.
" Who's that marvelous woman? "  " Darling, don't you know? "  " Darling, I haven't the ghost of." 
" Whose shout is it? " --" It's my shout; would you like another beer? " 
" Why are you crying? "  " I can't help it." 
" Why did Jack leave? "  he asked, his hand round the glass. " Oh, just one of those things, "  Mr Smith said, " you know the way it is." 
" Why does Peter need two cars? " -" He doesn't, but he's always had money to burn." 
" Why don't we all move nearer to the fire? "  "  Because we must leave room for Esmeralda, of course! " 
" Why don't we just yet married without any fuss and bother, "  Dick said suddenly, as they were discussing what form the wedding reception should take.
" Why don't you go? "  he burst out.
" Why don't you hire out your spare room to other people, and earn some money?" 
" Why has the ship stopped? "  " I think somebody must have gone overboard." 
" Why is he so angry? "  " He was paid with some bad paper." 
" Why should you all throw my decisions back at me? You agreed with me at the time." 
" Why, "  said Justin, as she sat down at her place," why, Pierce, what is in the wind today? " 
" Why? "  She asked abruptly.
" Will Fred go with his father?"  " No, he's not about to." 
" Will Wednesday do? "  " Sure." 
" Will she really take things easier? "  " She promised the doctor she would, but I can't see it happening." 
" Will you be taking a wee dram? "  " At half past six in the morning? "  Mrs Odd exclaimed. " What a nerve! " 
" Will you be wanting more cakes, Mary? "  " Thanks, but it'll be all I can do to finish what I have." 
" Will you care to wait? " 
" Will you dine with me? "  " Sorry, "  answered Lily," as your dear Elizabeth would say."  " No can do." 
" Will you lend me a dollar? "  " Nothing doing! " 
" Won't you grow any fruit? "  " No. only rhubarb, God's gift to Scotland and lazy gardeners." 
" Would he allow the other prisoners to feel that he thought himself a cut above them? "  " Of course he wouldn't. Once a gentleman, always a gentleman." 
" Would you like to go to the cinema? "  " I'm not bothered." 
" Would you so much as get me a glass of water?"  " No, I wouldn't." 
" Xiao Liu! "  He cried. But she was gone.
" Years ago, you could tell who the most politically powerful person in town was because his road would be paved, "  said Ray Keating, a member if the zoning board of appeals here." Now it's(=it has) come full circle, and the most powerful live on the dirt roads." 
" Yes, "  I said, rejoicing with him.
" Yes, "  said the boy, " he did intend to, but the pig sot well." 
" Yes, come on, "  He said.
" Yes, thank you, "  I answered," but I can't pay the bill. I haven't got my bag." 
" Yesterday he wanted to hitch-hike all the way. Now he wants to borrow my car."  " Oh, well, ¡¡he's not the only quick-change artist in the family." 
" You are not quite such a fool as you look" , is a left handed compliment.
" You are the big drop of dew under the lotus leaf, I am the smaller one on its upper side, "  said the dewdrop to the lake.
" You can draw a good horse in five minute, yet you keep me wait for a year, why? " 
" You can go where you please, you can skid up the trees, but you can't get away from the guns! " 
" You can have the car when I go abroad."  " I'll hold you to that." 
" You can see Earth Commander now, "  she said coldly. " But you're going to be sorry! " 
" You can't go visiting your aunt in hospital without a collar and tie, "  his wife nagged at him.
" You can't take Mary to the party- She's my girl."  " Says who?" 
" You dirty bastard, "  his friend said, and tried to kick me in the groin. More by good luck than good management I turned sideways.
" You do feel all fight, Victoria, don't you? I mean you haven't had a touch of sun of a dream, or anything? " 
" You fool! I asked for pure water, not coffee." 
" You have as good as informed me, sir, that you are going shortly to be married? "  " Yes, what then? " 
" You keep your dirty hands off me! "  the girl shouted, as Johnny tried to stroke her hair.
" You know him, of course? "  " Not to speak to. After all, he's hardly of our square little circle down here." 
" You look hot."  " I am, and my shoes are killing me."  " Take them off then, there's no law against it." 
" You must pay up what you owe me."  Edwin said to Frank.
" You must stop thinking like that."  " But I can't help it! " 
" You remember, Fleur? The young Englishman I met at Mount Vernon."  " Ships that pass in the night! "  said Fleur.
" You say George is going abroad? Do tell! "  said Mary.
" You should never have eaten at that restaurant; everyone knows that its kitchens are dirty."  " I like that! It was you who advised me to go there." 
" You should stop prying; you know, it's unlawful to read other people's letters!" 
" You want to help planet Earth, is that right? "  He waited.
" You'd better keep your eyes off Carmen, "  said James. " She's spoken for! "  " Oh, yes? And who's spoken for her? "  " I have." 
" You'll be in dire trouble if you don't watch out." 
" You'll go together with us, " he insisted.
" You'll meet me tonight at the railway station and bring me the money."  " All serene." 
" You'll see him yourself."  The monkey take the tiger to a big river.
" You're a liar! "  " You're another." 
" You're always up until after midnight, and it's not good for you."  " That's not true, really it isn't! As often as not, I'm in bed by eleven." 
" You're an astounding card, "  he said staring. " I shall come and hear your sermons if they're as amusing as your manners." 
" You're back! "  said Lily and cast a jaundiced eye on him." What do you want this time? " 
" You're both You're both completely wrong, "  he said. " This elephant is like a snake, as anybody can see." 
" You're not having your meal just now, I hope? "  the neighbour hesitated. " Yes, we are, what of it? Come right in." 
" You're still not in bed? " He asked, shaking the snow from his coat.
" You've made too many mistakes, "  the teacher said, " You'll have to do the exercise again." 
" You've taken my apple, "  he wailed.
" Your eyes are bigger than your stomach, "  Father told Annie when she tried to get another helping.
" Your lawyer should have told you you were making a big mistake."  " He did, and he never said a truer word. But I thought I knew better." 
" Your little boy is a bit wasted from his long fever, "  the doctor said, " but we'll soon have him as far a young thrush again." 
" just, fair and open" 
" wonder hills,? he said, pointing.
" ¡­I will speak daggers to her, but use none¡­" (Shakespeare, Hamlet)
$12,000 was the amount that the court awarded to the victim of the accident.
$2, 500 is allocated to office furniture.
$20 and $50 notes should not be tendered for bus fares.
$20 is not enough to dry these clothes.
$200 will see me right for one month.
( stock exchange) period of credit( usually four teen day) at the end of which all people who have trade must pay for share buy
(Agent) who is appointed by a company to act on its behalf
(Bill is helplessly drunk) Mrs. Curry smiled graciously." : You're quite all right, aren't you, dear? " she said to Bill. " Old soldiers never die." 
(Evidence) which a court will admit or will allow to be used
(I'm) sorry, but I'm going to school in5 minutes.
(Please) give my best wished to your parents!
as a reply or confirmation
(one should not strive to) outdo one's model, leader, mentor in enthusiasm, loyalty, strictness, in adhering to dying customs, etc.
(reaction to Rugby School, originator of Rugby football, having introduced Association football into their sports curriculum) What is one to do? One must not be more royalist than the king.
Frank is now the head of a very large business company.
1 knew them by name, but not by sight.
10 years of marriage has not crushed down his spirit.
100 carefully screened people were invited to meet the President.
100 ton clean green pea for cooking, for$2,820,000.
100¡æ is the boiling point of water.
130000 adults rid themselves of illiteracy.
15 divided by 3 is 5.
15 is divisible by 3 and 5.
17 Congressmen were absent at the Congressional roll call.
20 jin goes to 10 kilograms.
200 students have entered for this English reading contest.
20000 is a very respectable salary.
23 is a prime number.
25% of our output is exported.
25%? You can't be serious!
27 take away 3 leaves 24.
30% is charged on the first part of your taxable income.
3000 boys turned up for the selective trials.
4 multiplied by 5 makes 20.
4, 6, and 12 are multiples of 2.
4-7-1-7. One moment, please.
57.50, including postage and packing
74! You don't look it. You look fifty-five at most.
7: 30, yes, that'll be fine. Look forward to seeing you.
9+5=? Write 4 and carry 1.
A BBC comedian asked his straight man to read the day's news.
A Bachelor of Arts is one who makes love to a lot of women, and yet has the art to remain a bachelor.
A Bad Impression
A Belgian who speaks Flemish.
A British coin worth one half of a new penny.
A British coin worth two shillings.
A British nobleman of the lowest rank.
A British volunteer cavalry force organized in1761 to serve as a home guard and later incorporated into the Territorial Army.
A Buddhist monk of Tibet or Mongolia.
A Byzantine emperor or prince.
A COBOL mnemonic name associated with the console typewriter.
A Celtic idiom.
A Chinese dynasty(1271-1368) established by the Mongolian ruler Kublai Khan at Peking(Beijing). It was superseded by the Ming dynasty.
A Chinese wall of the mind and emotions separates us from the film.
A Christian church or congregation with no cleric of its own that depends for support on a larger religious organization.
A Christian feast celebrating this event.
A Christian feast commemorating the birth of Jesus.
A Christian festival observed from December24, Christmas Eve, to January5, the eve of Epiphany.
A Christian rite admitting a baptized person to full membership in a church.
A Civil War buff.
A Communist should have the courage to face any difficulty.
A Cow or a Horse
A Daniel come to judgment!
A Danish pastry.
A Dutch and South African unit of land area equal to2.1 acres.
A FORTRAN language statement used to define arrays.
A Festival for the Dead is held once a year in Japan.
A Foreign Ministry car picked us up at6:15 at the Beijing Hotel.
A French brandy made from apples.
A French fry. Often used in the plural.
A French horn.
A French manor house.
A French peasant dance resembling the minuet.
A French soldier, especially in World War I.
A French, a chemistry, an art course
A German art song in the style of a ballad for solo voice and piano.
A German mercenary in the British army in America during the Revolutionary War.
A German scientist interrupted me and asked if I came from China.
A Greek or Latin expression or idiom.
A Green Beret.
A Gregorian chant.
A Harley-Street specialist.
A Hollywood movie; a Hollywood producer.
A Japanese battle cry or patriotic cheer.
A Japanese game for two, played with counters on a board that is ruled with19 vertical and19 horizontal lines.
A Jewish woman or girl.
A LAN is a system of computers and associated peripherals such as Printers that are physically connected by cable within a limited geographical area-typically in an office building or on a college campus.
A Lan bent down and kissed the child.
A Latin American.
A Mafia overlord; a Mafia organization.
A Marilyn Monroe look-alike contest
A Marxist orientation.
A Mexican-American youth or teenager, especially one who dresses in flamboyant clothes and belongs to a neighborhood gang.
A Microscope will reveal much that cannot be seen with the naked eye.
A Mistake
A Mongol or Mongolian.
A Moslem ruler, provincial governor, or judge.
A Murphy game.
A Native American people forming part of the Illinois confederacy.
A Native American warrior.
A Nazi doctrine holding that the geographic, economic, and political needs of Germany justified its invasion and seizure of other lands.
A Near Eastern goddess traditionally associated with love and fertility.
A Nonconformist chapel, especially a Baptist or Methodist one.
A Persian carpet for our sitting-room would cost a bomb.
A Philippine dish of marinated vegetables and meat or fish seasoned with garlic, soy sauce, and spices and served with rice.
A Phoenician princess abducted to Crete by Zeus, who had assumed the form of a white bull, and by him the mother of Minos, Rhadamanthus, and Sarpedon.
A Portuguese man-of-war.
A President of the United States is inaugurated every four years.
A Protestant hymn melody.
A Psalm of Life
A Pueblo people located north-northeast of Santa Fe, New Mexico.
A Pulitzer Prize winner.
A Roman Catholic church in or near Rome having a cardinal for its nominal head.
A Russian carriage drawn by a team of three horses abreast.
A Russian measure of linear distance equivalent to about two thirds of a mile.
A Scottish Highlander.
A Scottish dish consisting of a mixture of the minced heart, lungs, and liver of a sheep or calf mixed with suet, onions, oatmeal, and seasonings and boiled in the stomach of the slaughtered animal.
A Semitic language that is the official language of Ethiopia.
A Small Boy and Donkey
A Smugglear
A Southern drawl.
A Soviet crash program to catch up with the West in designing powerful new computers is beginning to pay off, but the Russians still lag far behind, according to industry reports.
A Spanish American of European, usually Spanish descent.
A Spanish gentleman; a cavalier.
